---
title: "I've started my personal site"
date: '2017-12-28'
description: 'A few thoughts on the launch of my website.'
categories:
  - Announcements
tags:
  - Markdown
---

Hi there! I would like to announce I will be writing technical posts on this
website. Most of the design you see here is taken from the gorgeous <a href="http://consequently. org" target="_blank">consequently.org</a> managed by <em>Greg Restall</em>, from who some years ago I took
the course series <em>Logic: language and information</em> on <a href="http://coursera.org" target="_blank">Coursera</a> and absolutely fell in love with his sensitivity in choosing beautiful fonts for the lecture
notes. On his website, that same sensibility is kept, which is seen through
the amazing choice of calligraphy set.

Anyway, I plan to write about <em>Machine Learning</em> (ML) subjects I am currently
studying, including: <em>Variational Inference</em>, <em>Bayesian Optimization</em>, <em>Gaussian
Processes</em>, <em>Deep Learning</em>… In summary, anything related, but not limited to, ML…
I will basically focus on probabilistic views and try to give a comprehensible
explanation together with code Jupyter notebook style) and dummy-man math (i.e., I'll try to use a "for dummy" style when explaining things).

The main objective is to use the site as a repository where to deposit my
knowledge and be able to revisit when needed (since I keep forgetting things, :D).
On the process I hope this is also going to be useful for someone else starting
to learn these subjects.

Randomly, I will aso write about my hoobies: artistic calligraphy, ancient
languages study (mainly Ancient Greek and Latin), as well as electronics...

Before closing this short first post, I would like to quote <a href="http://bjlkeng.github.io/posts/a-first-post/" target="_blank">Brian Keng</a>
(you must definitely check out his <a href="http://bjlkeng.github.io" target="_blank">blog</a> and note the similarities with mine!) by saying that
<em>"For a long time I've resisted making a blog about anything technical because,
to be frank, I didn't feel like I was qualified. What makes me more qualified now?
Nothing really, I'm just a bit less afraid of <a href="https://xkcd.com/386/" target="_blank">being wrong</a>."</em>

Please, feel free to interact using the comment board as well as sending me e-mails
or twitter messages.

Thank you.